- today I'm gonna make one of my
favorite dishes
chicken curry so let's start with the
main ingredients we have some cumin
seeds our basic spices that salt 2
tablespoons red chili powder some
turmeric that's holy you can use curry
powder if you don't have Holi we have
some black pepper powder coriander
powder and some fennel seeds to make the
curry we need green chilli if you're
fond of spice we have some ginger
chopped garlic potatoes we'll use few
drops of lemon
we'll use cilantro or coriander for
garnishing chopped onions tomatoes and
I'm going to use chicken drumsticks to
make this chicken curry so let's start I
have some hot oil in my wok and I'm
going to add some cumin seeds and we'll
fry our onions
and to make onions cook faster we are
going to add our soul we'll give it a
minute or two and then we'll add garlic
and ginger all right we see in a minute
and I'm going to add chopped garlic and
ginger you can also use a pure it onions
and ginger and garlic URI so mix
everything well and add our green
chillies I like it very spicy so I'm
adding chili but you can add them
according to your taste or purpose
[Applause]
so we will let our onion ginger garlic
and chilies prior Bethlehem for give it
to three minutes left onions get golden
brown before adding other ingredients
all right looks like my onions are done
so I'm going to address top my spices
that story powder or turmeric there is a
slight difference in taste though I
prefer the turmeric so but if you don't
get it easily in your town you can
always use curry powder my fennel seed
red chili powder coriander powder and
black pepper go in the wok and I'll mix
everything very well and I'll add my
potatoes so that potatoes can cook with
these spices
so I'll give it about five minutes so
then all the spices are nicely blended
with the potatoes and then add chicken
and I mix everything really well
[Applause]
chicken theory is so easy to make and
get so delicious
I'm going up in Punjab northern part of
India chicken fries with my favorite
it's like a one of our common dishes
[Applause]
so we're going to cover it and give it
good seven eight minutes but until the
chicken is almost done and we'll keep
setting it in between for that with
every tick every one so it has been good
seven eight minutes and juices from the
chicken are running clear but it's not
done quite yet so at this point I'm
going to add some you I've used two
medium tomatoes so I'm going to add
these you can also use tomato coulis
but of course fresh tomatoes taste best
and in order to make some gravy I'm
going to add some water about half a cup
if you want to make this dish a little
bit more at this point you can add
some cream or Alka
so we are going to give this a good 15
20 minutes it will depend what kind of
chicken you are using so if you are
using only side it will be done quicker
than chicken drumsticks that I'm using
here so I'm just going to mix my
tomatoes in and we'll give it 20 minutes
and see how those 20 minutes sound looks
like our chicken is done just the last
bit I'm going to add some garnish
so our coriander or cilantro leaves go
on top look at that beautiful color and
my dish looks so appetizing and just a
couple of drops of lemon
oh so good I'm gonna try it
so you can eat it with roti chapatti
naan rice or any other flatbread of your
choice so we'll check and see it's
completely white so it's done let's
taste
oh I'm totally making some rice right
now and I'm gonna eat some chicken curry
enjoy